alright so today I'm going to teach you
how to get past your school web filter
system which is like a prism st. Bernard
whatever your school uses I don't care
I'm going to teach you how to get past
using google translator and proxies
what's a proxy proxy is a web server and
all you need to know it's like the man
in the middle of the situation of
getting the the URL page to you because
when you click it you don't have our
products it goes straight to your IP but
when you click it you got a proxy goes
to the proxy server and then to your IP
which tricks own tricks websites and
things and is thinking that your app
he's actually the proxy thing so go to
security override com go on the left
navigational thing under information and
click proxy list once you get there
you're going to want to use one of the
active proxies just copy paste I'd give
port 80 usually they weren't good with
my internet explorer this is my people
without the proxy so now their necks for
go to tools internet options connections
Lane settings sorry from them fast go to
use a proxy and then you just paste your
proxy in here type your port I have four
day to sell keep that and
it was 173 now it's 123 all right so now
you know how to use proxies you should
be happy get past all your school stuff
go to porn websites or myspace whichever
you choose I don't really care I'm
taking off the proxy because it does
slow up your your internet x internet
speed so what I did was I went to Google
and then go I went to google translator
com which one go is you want type HTTP
and myspace com and you want to
translate english from english into
english now may sound dumb but once you
get translate it'll take you straight to
the website what all right let's go from
from english and in the dutch i like i
like dutch so now that it's going into
dutch it translate and say you're there
now and from here you can do whatever
you want and blah blah blah so how you
get past your school system you should
be happy and pleased so give me good
views or give me a good comments
everything else thank you